Fix relocations fields (#168)
riscv/riscv-elf-psabi-doc: riscv-elf.md

# RISC-V ELF psABI specification

> 

Reviewer: Why all these whitespace changes?

Author: It makes editing the file easier when the sections are thus spaced, IMO.

Reviewer: That should be an entirely separate pull request. It has no place in this one.

11   | R_RISCV_TLS_TPREL64   | TLS relocation                  | _word64_    | S + A + TLS + S_TLS_OFFSET - TLS_DTV_OFFSET
16   | R_RISCV_BRANCH        | PC-relative branch              | _B-Type_    | S + A - P
17   | R_RISCV_JAL           | PC-relative jump                | _J-Type_    | S + A - P
18   | R_RISCV_CALL          | PC-relative call                | _UJ-Type_   | S + A - P   | Macros `call`, `tail`

> 19   | R_RISCV_CALL_PLT      | PC-relative call (PLT)          | _UJ-Type_   | S + A - P   | Macros `call`, `tail` (PIC)

Reviewer 2: Older ISA doc revisions have an actual UJ type instruction format, so this is potentially confusing.  I'd suggest that U-and-J might be better if that doesn't mess up the table formatting too much.  Or maybe an ampersand can work.

The old UJ instruction format got renamed to J.  Though I see that binutils still has multiple UJ format references such as ENCODE_UJTYPE_IMM.  I think binutils should be fixed to stop using the UJ name in macros.  I'll submit a binutils bug report for that.  Though we still accept ".insn uj, ..." for backward compatibility and can't fix this without risking breaking old user code.

Author: How about _JU-Type_?

Reviewer: @jim-wilson Probably worth emitting a warning for `.insn uj` if you don't already so new users of the legacy form don't appear? Though LLVM will never support that syntax (or at least I will be against it), and I imagine if you emit a warning now you can kill the support off in a few years.

As for the name, what about _U+J-type_? That makes it clearer it's a pair.

Author: > As for the name, what about _U+J-type_? That makes it clearer it's a pair.

I can live with that.

48   | R_RISCV_GPREL_S       | GP-relative reference           | _S-Type_    | S + A - GP
49   | R_RISCV_TPREL_I       | TP-relative TLS LE load         | _I-Type_
50   | R_RISCV_TPREL_S       | TP-relative TLS LE store        | _S-Type_

> 51   | R_RISCV_RELAX         | Previous reloc can be relaxed   |

Reviewer 2: I already fixed this.  Maybe you need to update your tree?

_S-Type_    | Specifies a field as the immediate field in an S-type instruction
_U-Type_    | Specifies a field as the immediate field in an U-type instruction
_J-Type_    | Specifies a field as the immediate field in a J-type instruction

> _U+J-Type_  | Specifies a field as the immediate field in an U-type and a J-type instruction

Reviewer: Should be "fields" plural, it's "a U-type" (two lines above is wrong) and probably best to say "instruction pair", so I'd suggest overall:
```suggestion
_U+J-Type_  | Specifies a field as the immediate fields in a U-type and J-type instruction pair
```

### Procedure Calls

`R_RISCV_CALL` and `R_RISCV_CALL_PLT` relocations are associated with
pairs of instructions (`AUIPC+JALR`) generated by the `CALL` or `TAIL`
pseudoinstructions.  Originally, these relocations had slightly different
behavior, but that has turned out to be unnecessary, and they are now
interchangeable.

In position dependent code (`-fno-pic`), with relaxation enabled,
the `AUIPC` instruction in the
`AUIPC+JALR` pair has both a `R_RISCV_CALL` relocation and a `R_RISCV_RELAX`
relocation indicating the instruction sequence can be relaxed during linking.

In position independent code (`-fPIC`, `-fpic` or `-fpie`),

> with relaxation enabled, the `AUIPC`

Reviewer 2: These 3 hunks look like text that is already in the current version of the document, added by one of my earlier changes.

Author: My bad.
